1. Problem statement in existing implementation
   Area : Backend
   1.1 Page is too slow to load and refresh on pagination.

2. Below are my observations and findings to cause this slowness

   2.1 Multiple similar and duplicate sql queries are getting  executed on each company and contacts.
       So multiple round trips to Db is expensive.
   2.2 Direct Company and customer module is used in view template to iterate and get the details on each iterartion.
   2.3 Sum of total and order count is calculated in code using 'for loop' instead get thru sql query itself.

3. Inspected areas and solutions to improve performance
   3.1 Verified indexes on each table which are participated in joins and where clause,
     all seems good since all are already defined as PK.
   3.2 Changed querying data approach instead of company to order i.e. top down to bottom ,
       changed and retrieved details from order itself with joining company and contacts to reduce
       iterations in view
   3.3 Prepared order summary result set joining with Company table and found summary of total and record
       count for each company.
   3.4 Prepared second queryset for each contact with joining on contact table with order
       and found total number of order for each contact.
   3.5 From view (html template) changed looping object company to order summary query set
       and iterate over summary result set.
   3.6 For contact/customer details, retrieved from contact query set , here instead of finding/querying on each contact, gatheed all contcat details
        when querying company details from order summary set.
        e.g. for company id 1 if we have 10 contacts, I prepared/retrieved all 10 contacts details from second queryset
        "contact orders summary query set"   using company id as condition so instead for executing 10
        queries it return all result set for that specific contacts in single query.
   3.7 Calculated total and record count on company and contact level in sql itself with aggregation api.
   3.8 I would always prefer sql over auto ORM generated sql , that would help to have more control
      and have chance to optimize on more level.

 4. Areas to considered but not implemented/ or not required.
    4.1 Caching - current use case I dont see any reusable result set and evrything is retrived throuh loop/itertaion with specific condition.
 5. Can consider pagination on database side, queryside in module and cach page wise data and populate UI template on cashed data.
    5.1 Can override cutome count for pagination, current default impl will use summary query to get count for pagination.

 6. My implementation result
    6.1 Page is refreshing for 100 record page size around less than 50 MS
    6.2 Reduced all duplicate and extra round trips to db from template, total queries executing to total number of companies. e.g. here 500 companies-per page 100
    6.2 Upon mouse over, companies with over 50 000 € in sales shows their names painted with green background.

 7. Changed/Added files
    7.1 views.py (changed) - return order summary query set as module thru 'get_queryset' and added 'simple-tag' to call method from html template
    7.2 index.html (changed) - iterate over order summary list based on company id and get contact list using company id.
    7.3 models.py (changed) - removed record count and total summary logic from modle
    7.3 OrderDetailsHelper.py (Added) - to get order summary and contact order summary query set, total order count ect.





